Husband, why don’t we leave Tianhai?
Can’t we hide from the heat if we can’t bear it? Xiaoyu
Avoiding is not the answer.
If I can't stay, I will die if I want to clear up the suspicion.
I don't want to be punished. What do you dare to do?
You must not let anything happen again. Xiao Pin and I are still at home.
Don't worry, this will never happen.
Brother, are your injuries feeling better?
Sorry, it was me who lost. You shouldn't be allowed to go home alone.
It's not all good, at least I know when my mother is in trouble,
I just can’t keep it. Stand away!
Over there at Leiyou Factory
Are there any other clues?
Over there at Leili Factory
We don’t have a stable original source
That's all cost home
This is indeed our soft category.
There's no way to solve it now